masochism because monogamist is down get
hurt
polyamorous tis bounder
okay this piece is an improv in class
and all these sadist meets no masochist
let's see what happens
what are you doing I'm going to surprise
you how you cleaned up I did I'm
straight you're all apartments that
smell do cupcake it was amazing I've got
so much to talk about but not yet let me
settle in first
oh yeah sure take your time hey I have a
surprise for you
I like the sound of that check out my
smooth new resilient why God you know
how much I love that you touch it oh
yeah but not yet we're gonna have to
talk you have first um let me take a
shower I just got off the plane
and what am I thinking about I fucking I
can take a shower - you have been
cleaning all day okay yeah you would
have loved the people that I'm not oh
yeah they were just beautiful inside and
out what can I get in there yeah
especially this one couple
oh it's helpful we talked about opening
of the playing with a couple oh yeah
yeah they're polyamorous and they live
together for three years with another
woman all three of em all together how
does that work are they committed well
they are opening the relationship up
more now in fact she's gonna be moving
out soon
I didn't work you know they're just
de-escalating the relationship in fact
she's the one that I had the deepest
connection with yeah yeah we're in the
Watsu pools and we got a little bit too
hot so we went up in the hills and found
a place to sit who'd have sex up there
well we had a deep connection and we
went out on this point where they can
look out of the hole
it was really beautiful yeah you go you
know I wish you would have been there it
was we were cuddling under a blanket
good luck er no I don't like to use that
word yes I did it actually I fell in
love with her she you would have loved
her too she was such a surprise I mean I
get well I guess it shouldn't be we
talked about all the what-ifs and I
don't want to put you in a box no I've
been thinking about what it would be
like to share with another woman I want
to support you in being who you are yeah
and you know I really thank you for that
you it's you know I I've been you know
wanting to she's gonna be coming down
here I want you to get a chance to meet
her this is a lot to take in I mean oh
well we have all these friends well I
guess they're mostly your friends they
have these full lives with all these
lovers but that's so soon yeah I totally
hear you and I want to support you let's
go to the bedroom yeah I could do some
support right now
yeah you know I I just AM amazed by our
relationship I love the way that we can
and you know I wanted to make love with
you right when I got home and I make
love with you right now you know can we
let our bodies reconnect right now this
is a lot to take I don't know what you
feel how much I love you well there's
part of me that really wants to you know
give you whatever you want and and even
be happy for you but there's a southern
part of me that's just devastated I mean
you just met her how good to you well
you said that you didn't want me to hold
anything back that you want to be you
know didn't want to withhold anything
for your sake you wanted all the details
well the truth is it was magical and if
you've been there you'd understand I
wasn't there was I
change anything between us in fact you
know I really feel like I have more love
for you yeah I could feel it but it's
hard yeah well you know I guess you're
feeling you're probably feeling
resentment fear no I'm pissed off
what are you angry at her no no her how
could you know it's not your you're
always saying no one person can
definitely tell our needs but how could
you do this to me okay nobody's gonna
take your place you know I love the way
that you love me you tell me my love is
so special to you but this is how you
show it where's the evidence I show you
all the time I'm not a brazilian wax for
you
I thank you for that you know I really
do that
hey I'm doing my personal growth work
for us welcome to my personal growth
work for you
I'm not feeling loved by you right now
yeah I hate to say it this way but no
you've gotta take care of yourself first
you're right and I just need to take
care of myself right now I think I just
need you to leave I don't want you to
see me like this
you just need to go I hear you I get
that what can I do
just go I hear that you need some
understanding nobody's laid some space
please just go okay I this is my workmen
support me in my process
okay I'm gonna go down to the cheese bar
in the corner okay
can you call me when you're when you're
ready to talk no you call me lady's
apartment I need some cupcakes dessert
those cupcakes I'm gonna eat them all
right now